Adds Troubleshooting Guidance to Watchmaker Documentation-Set (#3000)
plus3it/watchmaker: docs/troubleshooting/Linux/salt_call.debug.log.md

~~~

{%- set environments = ['dev', 'test', 'prod', 'dx'] %}

base:
  'G@os_family:RedHat':
    - name-computer
    - scap.content
    - ash-linux.vendor
    - ash-linux.stig
    - ash-linux.iavm
{%- if salt.grains.get('watchmaker:enterprise_environment') | lower in environments %}
    - join-domain
    - mcafee-agent
    - splunkforwarder
    - nessus-agent.elx.install
    # Recommend other custom states be inserted here
{%- endif %}
    - scap.scan

  'G@os_family:Windows':
    [...elided...]
~~~

In the above, these salt formulas will be executed unconditionally on RedHat-derivative systems:

- `/srv/watchmaker/salt/formulas/name-computer-formula`
- `/srv/watchmaker/salt/formulas/ash-linux-formula`[^1]

Similarly, the contents of the following directories will be executed by `watchmaker` only if the environment specified in the `watchmaker`-invocation (the string-value after the `-e` flag) matches one of the elements in the `environments` list.

- `/srv/watchmaker/salt/formulas/join-domain-formula`
- `/srv/watchmaker/salt/formulas/mcafee-agent-formula`
- `/srv/watchmaker/salt/formulas/nessus-agent-formula`
- `/srv/watchmaker/salt/formulas/splunkforwarder-formula`

> Similarly, the behavior of each of the above states' executions will be governed by content specified under the `/srv/watchmaker/salt/pillar` directory hierarchy. This content is used to feed values into the parameter-driven SaltStack states enumerated in the `.../formulas` directories.

Author: The use of `.../` is intentional: it stands in for "indefinite path" (whereas "../" means parent-dir).

~~~

Appears in the `/var/log/watchmaker/watchmaker.log` file.

Typically, the only errors that will appear here are the results of errors in the SaltStack formulae for the standard integrations. To see which modules _may_ get logged into this file, look at the contents of the `/srv/watchmaker/salt/formulas/` directory and then cross-reference those directories against the contents of the `/srv/watchmaker/salt/states/top.sls` file. To help interpret, a typical `top.sls` file's contents is offered:

~~~

{%- set environments = ['dev', 'test', 'prod', 'dx'] %}

base:
  'G@os_family:RedHat':
    - name-computer
    - scap.content
    - ash-linux.vendor
    - ash-linux.stig
    - ash-linux.iavm
{%- if salt.grains.get('watchmaker:enterprise_environment') | lower in environments %}
    - join-domain
    - mcafee-agent
    - splunkforwarder
    - nessus-agent.elx.install
    # Recommend other custom states be inserted here
{%- endif %}
    - scap.scan

  'G@os_family:Windows':
    [...elided...]
~~~

> In the above, the contents of the:
> 
> - `/srv/watchmaker/salt/formulas/name-computer-formula`
> - `/srv/watchmaker/salt/formulas/ash-linux-formula`[^1]
> 
> Directories will always have execution attempted by `watchmaker`. Similarly, the contents of the:
> 
> - `/srv/watchmaker/salt/formulas/join-domain-formula`
> - `/srv/watchmaker/salt/formulas/mcafee-agent-formula`
> - `/srv/watchmaker/salt/formulas/nessus-agent-formula`
> - `/srv/watchmaker/salt/formulas/splunkforwarder-formula`
> 
> Directories will have execution attempted by `watchmaker` if the environment specified in the `watchmaker`-invocation (the string-value after the `-e` flag) matches one of the elements in the `environments` list.

Reviewer: Similarly, splitting these sentences makes them hard to read.

```suggestion
In the above, these salt formulas will be executed unconditionally on RedHat-derivative systems:

- `/srv/watchmaker/salt/formulas/name-computer-formula`
- `/srv/watchmaker/salt/formulas/ash-linux-formula`[^1]

Similarly, the contents of the following directories will be executed by `watchmaker` only if the environment specified in the `watchmaker`-invocation (the string-value after the `-e` flag) matches one of the elements in the `environments` list.

- `/srv/watchmaker/salt/formulas/join-domain-formula`
- `/srv/watchmaker/salt/formulas/mcafee-agent-formula`
- `/srv/watchmaker/salt/formulas/nessus-agent-formula`
- `/srv/watchmaker/salt/formulas/splunkforwarder-formula`
```
